Day 58 - Mar 2
  Finished Intermediate Python course on SoloLearn, chapters Exceptions and Working with files, got certificate 
  Started Python Data Structures course, finished chapters Working with Strings and Lists

Day 57 - Mar 1
  SoloLearn OOP lessons from Intermediate Python course 
  Python magic methods from various sources

Day 56 - Feb 28
  The greatest satisfaction when coding I always get from tiniest iterations

Day 55 - Feb 27
  Flask Mega tutorial CH5 renewal, I have problem with the code, can't get it work, have to start chapter from beginning 
  More SoloLearn Python lessons
  Roadmap for ManuCounter app 

Day 54 - Feb 25
  More SoloLearn Python lessons
  ManuCounter app v0.10.1 refactoring and comments

Day 53 - Feb 24
  Done Chapter 4 of Flask Mega Tutorial Databases 
  Done Chapter 5 User Logins
  Done few python lessons on SoloLearn 
  Everyone has its own development path. That's amazing and scary at the same time.

Day 52 - Feb 23
  Learning about asyncio and concurrency via Real Python https://realpython.com/async-io-python/ https://realpython.com/python-concurrency/ 
  Also browsing https://riptutorial.com/ebook/python 

Day 51 - Feb 22 2021.
  I'm back after 2 shitty months :) 
  Today did practice lessons for Python Core certification even though finished it 3 years ago. 
  Where have you been?

Day 50 - Dec 8
  Done first 3 chapters of Flask Mega Tutorial by @miguelgrinberg learned more about Templates and WebForms.

Day 49 - Dec 6
  Finished Flask mini course by Techwithtim:
    - Static Files (Custom CSS, Images & Javascript)
    - Blueprints & Using Multiple Python Files
    - How to Deploy a Flask App to a Linux Server
  Simple app now ready to be extended.

Day 48 - Dec 5
  Continued with Flask YT Tutorials: using sqlalchemy, adding, deleting and updating users with sqlalchemy. Superfun.

Day 47 - Dec 4
  Watched Flask YT crash course by @TechWithTimm videos 1-5. This kid is great, I will watch him later also for django and kivy tutorials for sure. 

Day 46 - Dec 3
  Finished Python Flask for Beginners udemy course (free) by pybites 2 hours duration, not bad at all, learned a a lot. Also read about http://purecss.io 

Day 45 - Dec 2
  After some thinking and reading I decided to switch my learning path from Data Science to webdev I think, in the long run, I'll get more out of it. 
  So next for me are Flask, Django, Pyramid, jinja, mako, chameleon... what else?

Day 44 - Dec 1
  Finished Python 3 Bootcamp course on Udemy by PierianData. Good one. Learned a lots of new stuff. 
  Even some jupyter widgets, totally unexpected. How much are they used? Not sure.

Day 43 - Nov 30
  More python bootcamp, video lessons on advanced numbers, strings and sets. 

Day 42 - Nov 29
  After 3 days off (sick leave) back to python bootcamp with some advanced modules re and timeit exercises. 

Day 41 - Nov 25
  For my Influencer Finder app v0.8.7 added function which calculates engagement rate. 
  It looks for posts in last X days (user input) and looks at likes, comments, followers and number of posts.

Day 39..40 - Nov 24
  Working on Instagram Influencer Finder v0.8.6 
  I have managed to replace requests with Instaloader and final code is now less than 200 lines. Awesome.

Day 37..38 - Nov 22
  Advanced modules Collections, Datetime, Debugger, StringIO 

Day 36 - Nov 20
  More chapters from Python 3 Bootcamp >> Built-in functions, decorators and generators. 

Day 35 - Nov 19
  Worked on Python 3 bootcamp : Modules and Packages, Errors and Exceptions. Material renewal. 

Day 34 - Nov 18
  Learned about Seaborn and Pokemons during my DataScience class 

Day 33 - Nov 17
  Learned some matplotlib, how to position text on chart; updated Library app with better looking stats graph.

Day 32 - Nov 16
  Library app v1.5 - show graph function added, it generates dict out of treeview data and displays bar graph using matplotlib and pandas in new window.

Day 31 - Nov 14
  Library app v1.4 - export to csv function added
  Also more Complete Python 3 Bootcamp course done

Day 30 - Nov 13
  Python Library app v1.3 - stats by year function added.

Day 28..29 - Nov 12
  Working on Complete python 3 bootcamp course.
  What I like to do sometimes is go back to basics and repeat lessons I already know. I change myself daily so my views are different in every repetition. 

Day 27 - Nov 11
  Used my time today to read few chapters of Build a career in DataScience book by Emily Robinson and Jacqueline Nolis. 
  One has to look at things from different angles.

Day 26 - Nov 10
  More of pandas for Medical Data Visualizer project, melt function, plotting with seaborn ...

Day 24..25 - Nov 9
  Working on third project in DataAnalysis with python FCC course, Medical data visualizer. 
  Learning to use seaborn even though it was never mentioned in lessons, as far as I remember or did I skip something ... hmm ...

Day 23 - Nov 7
  Learned more pandas selecting from @TedPetrou notebooks. 
  Finally found someone who explains [] loc and iloc in clear and precise way. Big thanks.

Day 21..22 - Nov 6
  Finished second projects (pandas) from Data Analysis with python on freeCodeCamp course. 
  Project is Demographic Data Analyzer and was really hard. Pandas is powerful but you need to practice a lot.

Day 20 - Nov 4
  pandas day. 
  Working on second project from Data Analysis with python on FCC. Much harder than 1st. But doable, sure.

Day 19 - Nov 3
  Everything about numpy. Finished first project in Data Analysis with python on freeCodeCamp 
  Very basic project, just had to apply few numpy functions mean, var, std and convert array back to list for output.

Day 18 - Nov 2
  I have 2 hours available so I decided to learn something completely different. 
  PySimpleGUI uses lists for gui layout, very interesting. Also I wanna take a look at Flexx. 
  Python is awesome! 

Day 17 - Nov 1
  I was trying to learn how to find location of given shape in bigger image using skimage in python but no luck with template match. 
  Maybe cv2? 

Day 16 - Oct 31
  Finished lessons on Data Analysis with python at freeCodeCamp now onto projects!
  Last subject is numpy, how to create and manipulate arrays and matrices and a touch of linear algebra. 
  There is no going back to python lists after this :) 

Day 15 - Oct 30
  Data Analysis with Python on freeCodeCamp 
  Finished Reading Data with pandas videos.
  Learned basics on how to read (and write) csv files, excel, html, databases. There is numpy part next and than projects. 
  Jupiter notebook exercises are very detailed.
  Made this tiny 'Guess the person' quiz with python and tkinter, ported from already made earlier kivy version. It could be some android app? 
  Anyway PIL ImageFilter Blur rescued me a lot! Gotta learn more image manipulation :)
  (Notice 2 months pause and switch from SQL to Python - it's Covid year, anything can go)

Day 14 - Sep 3
  I've done some more SQL Cookbook reading.
  Also made this tiny db for bookstagram creators, python gui needed with hashtags generator and few more features. 

Day 13 - Aug 31
  Done 6 chapters from SQL Cookbook.
  For writing query practice I find simple DB browser for SQLite to be perfect.

Day 12 - Aug 30
  Today I learned to model databases using DB Designer 4. It is outdated tool, but I needed something simple to visually create db schema and export it to sql file. 
  Also tried DBeaver. 

Day 11 - Aug 29
  Finished SQL Primer book by Rahul Batra.
  There is appendix further reading in it and most interesting to me is SQL Cookbook by Anthony Molinaro. 
  I need practice writing real world queries.

Day 9..10 - Aug 28
  Almost finished SQL Primer book. 
  Found Database Designer app for Android with sql export very useful but I don't know for similar desktop version.

Day 8 - Aug 26
  Reading SQL Primer book by Rahul Batra.
  Implemented simple SQLite Library Database schema for practice purposes
  Read some python sqlite articles

Day 7 - Aug 25
  Read more advanced sqlite stuff like pragma command, indexes and delicious triggers (yum, yum) very interesting!
  Didn't know but SQLite is not lite at all ;)

Day 6 - Aug 24
  Learning some advanced SQLite from Tutorialspoint. 
  Learning to create and edit databases in different ways: using sql file, using #python and with sqlite studio.

Day 5 - Aug 23
  Finished SQL Database part on w3schools site.
  Quiz done with 100% for 6 and a half minutes :)

Day 4 - Aug 22
  Finished SQL Tutorial part on http://w3school.com 
  Only few new things like Select Top, wildcards, any, all and case commands. Also stored procedures.
  YT on using SQLite Studio open source editor

Day 3 - Aug 21
  Finished all lessons 12-18 on sqlbolt website.
  Also covered intro to subqueries, unions, intersections and exceptions. Good start. I liked interactivity part. 
  What's next?

Day 2 - Aug 20
  Finished lessons 6-11 from SQLBolt website.
  Multi-table queries with JOINs, expressions and aggregates.

Day 1 - Aug 19 2020
  I've started this journey with learning #sql 
  Finished lessons 1-5 from http://SQLBolt.com website.
  Easy to follow interactive lessons, very nice.
